This or this is another big part of crowdfunding it's about testing your ideas using a minimal viable
product.
So if you've read any of The Lean Startup books this is something that is really core to all of those
methodologies.
The idea of distilling your idea into something fundamental that can be tested and presented to the
end user.
See if they'll buy it see if they'll want extra features and build that product using demand and not
based on your own intuition.
So how can you test drive it.
So of course not all of these crazy ideas do well.
In fact there's some pretty crazy ideas that you know I'm really glad that they they didn't dedicate
all of their own money and in fact it tested on a crowdfunding platform.
So for example a little eats the treat you both can eat.
It's a cookie that you and your dog can share.
So yes basically dog food for humans.
And as expected not many people were interested.
They only had 12 backers which usually means friends and family.
And they only raised about two hundred fifty one dollars.
So it's not always a bad thing when your crowdfunding fails.
It can have it can be it can be a tremendous boon because it might have saved you a year of your life
developing this thing that nobody wants or might have saved you from putting in your life investment
into this idea that you thought was great but nobody else confirmed it.
Now let's look at something else.
Fish on wheels.
Now here's another idea which when it came out I actually thought was pretty neat.
It's called Fish on wheels.
And essentially it's a fish tank where your pet goldfish can swim.
And if they swim to the front of the fish tank the fish tank is also attached to wheels which will move
the fish forwards.
So the idea is that while you're gone your fish Sally might be able to navigate around the house and
go wherever she likes by swimming in that direction.
So I thought it was actually a neat idea.
I'm not sure that anybody would ever need it but it was actually featured on Tech Crunch wired and a
whole bunch of other big tech blogs.
So you know it definitely had the traffic hitting it but unfortunately it just wasn't a good enough
idea.
It's one of those things that could have been really big like potato salad or grizzly coat but it just
didn't capture people's imagination.
So use this platform as an experiment.
Use it as a testing base where you can see if your ideas get any traction.
And essentially Crowdfunding is a condensed entrepreneurial activity.
You end up using so many of the skills that you need to succeed in startups.
For example I'm writing good copy.
So what does that mean writing a good sales page in your description for your project or recording a
great video.
Being able to sell your product successfully and also of course actually raising funding which can be
a huge part of any startups life journey.